♪
PREVIOUSLY ON "HOW TO GET AWAY
WITH MURDER"...
IT'S ABOUT THE LILA STANGARD
MURDER. SAM KNEW HER.
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE AT YALE
THE NIGHT SHE WAS KILLED,
AND I NEED FOR YOU TO TELL ME
THAT HIS ALIBI CHECKS OUT.
OKAY.
DR. KEATING DIDN'T SHOW.
HE LEFT THE GARAGE
AT 7:00 P.M.,
WASN'T BACK TILL 6:00
THE NEXT MORNING.
HIS ALIBI'S SOLID.
YOU'RE SURE?
HE NEVER LEFT, ANNALISE.
[ BELL TOLLS ]
TELL ME WHAT'S ON THE PHONE,
REBECCA.
Annalise: DOES ANYONE ELSE
KNOW ABOUT THIS?
ONLY REBECCA AND I KNOW
IT EXISTS.
WE CAN USE IT, RIGHT?
WE'LL SEE.
WHY WOULDN'T WE?
I MEAN, THOSE PHOTOS --
MR. GIBBINS,
YOU DID YOUR JOB.
NOW LET ME DO MINE.
WHY IS YOUR PENIS
ON A DEAD GIRL'S PHONE?
[ MARCHING BAND PLAYING,
CROWD CHEERING ]
LET'S JUST GET
THE HELL OUT OF HERE NOW.
Flashlight!
HEY, HEY. JEN CANNOT FIND OUT
ABOUT THIS, OKAY?
DEAL.
OKAY.
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
WHAT WAS THAT?
[ RINGING STOPS ]
WHO'S THERE?!
CAN WE GO?
[ SIGHS ]
WHY IS FRANK CALLING YOU?
WHAT?
I SAW YOUR PHONE,
LAUREL.
WHAT THE HELL'S
GOING ON?
LAUREL, PLEASE DON'T SAY
YOU TOLD FRANK ABOUT THIS.
YOU PEOPLE TELL ME
THAT I CAN'T CALL AIDEN,
AND YOU CALLED FRANK?
I SWEAR TO GOD, LAUREL,
IF YOU TOLD HIM ANYTHING --
I SLEPT WITH HIM.
OKAY?
AND I DIDN'T CALL HIM.
HE'S CALLING ME BEC--
W-- WHATEVER.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
IT DOES MATTER.
OTHERWISE, HOW DO WE KNOW
YOU'RE TELLING US THE TRUTH?
WHY WOULD I TELL YOU?
WE'RE NOT FRIENDS.
WAIT. SO, YOU SCREWED FRANK
WHILE YOU WERE STILL SEEING KAN?
I'M A CHEATER, YES.
AND A SLUT AND A BAD PERSON
AND NOW A MURDERER.
JUDGE ME IF YOU WANT.
JUST DO IT WHILE WE'RE
CARRYING THE DAMN BODY!
Annalise:
ALL PEOPLE HAVE SECRETS,
MISS CASTILLO.
CERTAINLY, YOU TAKE THAT INTO
ACCOUNT WHEN PICKING A JURY.
DEFINITELY. IN FACT,
THERE'S BEEN A RISE
IN STEALTH JURORS --
PEOPLE WHO ACTIVELY TRY TO GET
ON A JURY TO SWAY THE VERDICT.
I KNOW
WHAT A STEALTH JUROR IS.
YOUR NEED TO SHOW OFF
IS SOMETHING TO TALK
TO YOUR THERAPIST ABOUT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
MR. JOHANSON,
CAN YOU TELL ME --
I WASN'T SHOWING OFF.
Oh, yeah, baby,
it's on.
I WAS ANSWERING
YOUR QUESTION --
"HOW DO DEFENSE ATTORNEYS
GET SCREWED BY JURIES?"
MENTIONING STEALTH JURORS
WAS ME GIVING AN EXAMPLE.
I WASN'T...SHOWING OFF.
SOMEBODY WOKE UP
IN A MOOD TO FIGHT THIS MORNING.
MR. JOHANSON...
WHAT'S A SAMPLE QUESTION
TO ASK
DURING YOUR FIRST STAGE
OF VOIR DIRE?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
UM...HAVE YOU DECIDED
WHAT TO DO WITH THE PHONE?
NOT THE TIME
NOR THE PLACE.
I KNOW, BUT, UM...
I WAS THINKING
BEFORE WE TURN IT OVER
TO THE POLICE,
WE CAN TRACE THE CELL NUMBER OF
THE GUY WHO SENT THOSE PHOTOS.
I'M NOT SURE WE SHOULD
TURN IT IN AT ALL.
Annalise:
HOW LONG DID IT GO ON?
DON'T YOU DARE SAY THAT YOU WERE
JUST SENDING PHOTOS,
BECAUSE I KNOW
YOU WERE SCREWING HER.
SO I NEED TO KNOW --
HOW LONG DID IT GO ON?
JUST THE SUMMER.
SHE WAS IN MY CLASS,
STARTED COMING
TO MY OFFICE HOURS --
HOW MANY TIMES?
I DON'T KNOW.
[ SIGHS ]
SIX, SEVEN...
WHERE?
[ SIGHS ]
MY OFFICE.
HER CAR ONCE.
BUT YOU WANTED MORE THAN THAT,
DIDN'T YOU?
IT TURNED YOU ON
JUST TO THINK ABOUT LILA --
TOUCHING YOURSELF,
TAKING THOSE PICTURES.
IT WASN'T LIKE THAT.
THEN WHY DID YOU
LIE TO ME?!
I WAS AFRAID
YOU'D THINK I HURT HER.
BUT I COULD NEVER DO THAT.
YOU KNOW ME.
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
DID YOU LOVE HER?
NO.
IT -- IT WAS HER.
SHE WAS PERSISTENT.
SHE KEPT COMING TO ME
ABOUT HER FAMILY,
ABOUT HER BOYFRIEND.
ANNIE,
SHE WAS JUST LOST.
JUST LIKE YOU FOUND ME.
NO.
THAT'S HOW YOU LIKE
YOUR MISTRESSES, HUH --
WEAK, BROKEN MESSES
THAT YOU JUST CLEAN UP.
OKAY, THIS WAS NOT US.
YOU WERE NEVER JUST SOME AFFAIR.
TELL THAT
TO YOUR FIRST WIFE.
YOU WERE THE ONE.
OH...
OKAY? ANNIE, STOP.
THIS WAS JUST SEX, ANNIE.
NO.
IT WAS NOTHING ELSE, OKAY?
I LOVE YOU.
NO. NO. YOU DON'T
GET TO SAY THAT.
YOU DON'T GET TO --
DON'T TOUCH ME!
Shh! Annie!
[ MUFFLED SCREAMING ]
OW!
DON'T TOUCH ME!
JUST STOP IT.
YOU GET OUT!
YOU JUST GET OUT!
GET OUT!
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
Wes: BUT IT'S WHAT YOU TAUGHT US
THAT FIRST WEEK --
INTRODUCE A NEW SUSPECT.
WE HAVE ONE NOW.
DO WE? OR DOES THE FACT
THAT REBECCA HAD LILA'S PHONE
POINT TO HER
AS THE KILLER?
ONLY IF WE DON'T FIND
THAT GUY.
IT'S MY DECISION TO MAKE,
MR. GIBBINS.
WAIT. I -- I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU'RE SO --
WHAT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
IS NOT MY CONCERN.
Ryan: HE DIDN'T DRINK
ON THE WEEKDAYS.
SAID IT MADE HIM SLOW.
AND, BEING A COP,
HE COULDN'T AFFORD TO BE SLOW.
OTHERWISE, HE'D MAKE A MISTAKE,
OR PEOPLE WOULD SUFFER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I MEAN,
THE FACT HE WAS A COP
JUST MADE IT IMPOSSIBLE
TO GET HELP.
AND CALLING THEM WAS ONLY
GONNA MAKE HIM COME DOWN HARDER
ON HER LATER.
AND THE NIGHT
YOUR FATHER WAS KILLED?
IT WAS NORMAL.
HE STARTED YELLING
AS SOON AS MOM WALKED IN,
AND...I DON'T KNOW,
I GUESS I JUST COULDN'T
DO NOTHING ANYMORE.
SO I WALKED INTO
HIS BEDROOM...
...GOT HIS GUN...
...AND THE NEXT THING I REMEMBER
IS THE GUN IN MY HAND --
IT WAS STILL HOT --
AND DAD ON THE FLOOR.
HE WASN'T YELLING ANYMORE.
I WAS SO RELIEVED.
BUT THINGS ARE BETTER NOW...
THAT HE'S DEAD.
RYAN,
PLEASE DON'T SAY --
I'M GLAD I SHOT HIM.
Annalise: WE'RE NOT
JUST FIGHTING A MURDER CHARGE.
WE'RE FIGHTING THE POLICE.
THEY'VE USED POLITICS
AND THE MEDIA
TO FUEL PUBLIC OUTRAGE
AND TURN RYAN,
A BOY WHO SPENT HIS ENTIRE LIFE
WITNESSING HIS MOTHER'S ABUSE,
INTO A SOCIOPATH
WHO HATED HIS FATHER.
SO, HOW DO WE WIN THIS?
NOT BASED ON EVIDENCE,
BUT THE EMOTIONS OF THE JURY.
IN EMOTIONALLY DRIVEN CASES,
JURY SELECTION ISN'T A SCIENCE.
IT'S THE ART OF HUMAN STUDY.
SO HOW DO WE ENSURE
THE LEAST AMOUNT OF BIAS
WHEN PICKING A JUROR?
MISS PRATT.
BY MAKING SURE
THE BIAS SWINGS IN YOUR FAVOR.
FOR EXAMPLE, MEN TEND
TO BE PUNISHMENT-ORIENTED
AND FAVOR THE PROSECUTION.
WHAT HAVE YOU HEARD IN THE MEDIA
ABOUT MY CLIENT?
THE SHORT VERSION?
THAT HE'S A SOCIOPATHIC
COP-KILLER.
I'D LIKE TO CHALLENGE JUROR 505
FOR CAUSE.
JUROR DISMISSED.
BEYOND GENDER, WHAT ELSE
DO WE LOOK FOR DURING VOIR DIRE?
MR. GIBBINS.
SIMILARITIES BETWEEN THE JUROR
AND YOUR CLIENT --
ANY PERSONAL CONNECTIONS THAT
WILL HELP THE JUROR SYMPATHIZE.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
DIVORCED.
HAPPILY?
HAPPILY DIVORCED?
[ SCOFFS ]
OH, LORD, YES.
THE DEFENSE
ACCEPTS THIS JUROR.
WHEN POLICE TESTIMONY IS PIVOTAL
TO THE PROSECUTION'S CASE,
WE HAVE TO LOOK FOR JURORS
WHO ARE PRONE
TO DISTRUST AUTHORITY.
WHAT ARE SOME OF THE SIGNIFIERS
OF THIS?
MR. WALSH.
NUMBER ONE IS RACE.
THERE'S A LARGER DISTRUST
OF POLICE AMONG BLACK AMERICANS.
YOU DON'T CALL THE POLICE
IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD.
EXCUSE.
EVERY JUROR YOU LET IN THAT BOX
CAN DECIDE YOUR CLIENT'S FATE.
SOME COPS ARE BAD,
SOME ARE GOOD --
LIKE ALL PEOPLE.
ACCEPT.
[ Voice breaking ]
THAT EPISODE OF "NYPD BLUE"
WHERE DETECTIVE SIMONE DIED
STILL MAKES ME TEAR UP.
EXCUSE.
GRACE KELLY AND I HAVE TEA
TOGETHER QUITE OFTEN.
Judge:
DISMISSED FOR CAUSE.
ACCEPT, YOUR HONOR.
EXCUSE.
ACCEPT.
EXCUSE, YOUR HONOR.
ACCEPT, YOUR HONOR.
EXCUSE.
12 COMPLETE STRANGERS
WILL MAKE OR BREAK YOUR CASE
BEFORE YOU'VE SAID ONE WORD
OF YOUR OPENING STATEMENT.
I DIRECT YOU NOT TO
DISCUSS THE CASE WITH ANYONE,
FORM AN OPINION,
OR SEARCH OUT ANY MEDIA COVERAGE
OF THIS MATTER.
REPORT BACK
AT 9:00 A.M. TOMORROW.
Wes:
YOU'RE MAKING A SCORECARD?
WE FINALLY HAVE A CLIENT
I DON'T HATE.
Asher: REALLY?
THE GUY WHO SHOT HIS DAD
IN THE BACK?
YOUR HONOR, I'D LIKE TO FILE
A MOTION TO EXCLUDE TESTIMONY
OF THE ALLEGED ABUSE
OF SHARON REMINI.
YOUR HONOR, THE PROSECUTION HAS
HAD WEEKS TO FILE THIS MOTION.
SHE DELIBERATELY WAITED
UNTIL AFTER VOIR DIRE
TO UNDERMINE MY DEFENSE.
Judge: MS. KEATING,
WHAT EVIDENCE DO YOU HAVE
SUPPORTING
THE ABUSE CLAIM?
THE TESTIMONY OF THE WOMAN
WHO HAS SUFFERED THE ABUSE
FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS.
MRS. REMINI IS HERE RIGHT NOW.
SHE COULD TELL YOU FIRSTHAND.
SHARON REMINI
IS THE DEFENDANT'S MOTHER
AND HAS EVERY REASON
TO FABRICATE ABUSE CLAIMS
IN A DESPERATE ATTEMPT
TO SAVE HER SON.
IN FACT, MRS. REMINI NEVER ONCE
FILED A REPORT WITH THE POLICE.
HOW COULD SHE, WHEN THE PEOPLE
THAT SHE'D CALL FOR HELP
ARE THE DRINKING BUDDIES
OF THE ABUSER?!
SO, YOU'RE ADMITTING YOU HAVE
NO ACTUAL EVIDENCE OF THE ABUSE?
I HAVE THE TESTIMONY
OF MY CLIENT,
THE ONLINE DIARY HE'S KEPT
FOR THREE YEARS
THAT DOCUMENTS THE ABUSE.
IT'S SELF-SERVING HEARSAY.
I HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO ACCEPT
THE PROSECUTION'S MOTION
AND BLOCK ANY TESTIMONY OF
ABUSE, EITHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
FROM THE DEFENDANT
OR HIS MOTHER.
YOUR HONOR --
MY HANDS ARE TIED,
MS. KEATING.
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
WANT TO GRAB A BITE?
I KNOW A GREAT HOAGIE PLACE
DOWN THE STREET.
YOU'RE THINKING
ABOUT A SANDWICH?
OUR WHOLE CASE
JUST GOT THROWN OUT.
RYAN'S GOING TO PRISON
FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE,
WHERE HE WILL PROBABLY BECOME
SOMEBODY'S BITCH BOY,
AND THAT'S ACTUALLY
THE GOOD OPTION, CONSIDERING
HIS DAD'S COP BUDDIES
MIGHT BEAT HIM TO DEATH FIRST.
OH, RYAN. I DIDN'T --
NO, IT'S, UH...
I'VE HEARD WORSE.
JUST...DON'T TELL MY MOM.
SHE STILL THINKS
THERE'S HOPE.
RELAX.
HE'LL BE FINE.
UNLESS HE GOES HOME
AND SHOOTS HIMSELF.
Bonnie: IN CASES
WHERE EMOTION IS CURRENCY,
WE HAVE TO CATER OUR DEFENSE
TO THE JURY,
WHICH MEANS
KNOWING THE JURY --
LEARNING TO READ REACTIONS,
BODY LANGUAGE.
I'M ASSIGNING EACH OF YOU
YOUR OWN PET JURORS TO WATCH.
LUMBERJACK? I DON'T --
I DON'T WANT THIS GUY.
OH, NOT YOUR TYPE? I'LL TAKE HIM
IF YOU GIVE ME SEXY LIBRARIAN.
HOW ABOUT THE TWO HAIRY GUYS?
ENJOY.
CAN WE CAN TRACK THEM
OUTSIDE OF COURT, TOO?
YES,
BUT ABSOLUTELY NO CONTACT.
JURY TAMPERING IS ILLEGAL.
DON'T GET US THROWN IN JAIL.
THIS IS ALL FUN AND EVERYTHING,
BUT WHAT'S OUR DEFENSE?
WE PICKED A JURY
BASED ON ARGUING ABUSE.
IF RYAN WAS ON DRUGS, WE CAN
ARGUE DIMINISHED CAPACITY.
SO, WE ADD DRUG ADDICT
TO SOCIOPATHIC COP KILLER?
I DON'T THINK SO.
WE NEED A TROJAN HORSE
TO ALLOW THE ABUSE IN,
A BACK DOOR.
OH. THIS GUY KNOWS
HOW TO USE A BACK DOOR.
[ GRUNTS, CHUCKLES ]
IT'S RYAN'S BLOG.
IF WE COULD GET ONE OF
THE PROSECUTION'S WITNESSES
TO MENTION IT
ON THE STAND,
THEN EVERYTHING HE EVER WROTE
CAN BE ALLOWED INTO EVIDENCE.
STAY UP ALL NIGHT.
TAKE NOTES.
KNOW THE BLOG INSIDE AND OUT
BEFORE TOMORROW.
THERE ARE LIKE 800 ENTRIES.
THEN YOU BETTER
START READING.
Barker:
AS RYAN'S ENGLISH TEACHER,
DID YOU EVER SUSPECT
HE HAD NEGATIVE FEELINGS
TOWARD HIS FATHER?
YES.
RYAN...
WAS A TROUBLED STUDENT.
EVERYONE AT SCHOOL WAS AWARE
HE HAD PROBLEMS WITH HIS FATHER.
WHY IS THAT?
HE PERFORMED A SONG
AT THE TALENT SHOW ONCE.
THE LYRICS WERE...
DISTURBING.
CAN YOU REMEMBER
WHAT THEY WERE?
"I'M GONNA PUT SOME HOT LEAD
IN MY DADDY'S HEAD."
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS,
YOUR HONOR.
The talent show --
get the date.
You've got something?
I think so.
Ask about the date.
THE TALENT SHOW
THAT YOU JUST REFERENCED --
WHEN DID IT OCCUR?
IT WAS THIS SPRING --
APRIL, I THINK.
SO APRIL 2014?
THAT'S CORRECT.
GOT IT.
MRS. MEDICK,
ARE THESE THE SAME LYRICS
OF THE SONG
THAT YOU JUST STATED FOR US?
OBJECTION!
I'M JUST CORROBORATING
THE FACTS PRESENTED
BY THE PROSECUTION'S
OWN WITNESS.
OVERRULED, MS. BARKER.
SIT DOWN.
YES,
THEY'RE THE SAME LYRICS.
YOUR HONOR, THESE LYRICS WERE
FIRST PUBLISHED ON RYAN'S BLOG
IN JANUARY 2014, THREE MONTHS
PREVIOUS TO THE TALENT SHOW.
THEREFORE, ALL ENTRIES
ARE OPEN TO TESTIMONY,
INCLUDING THE ENTRIES
WHERE HE DESCRIBES
HIS FATHER'S PHYSICAL ABUSE
AGAINST HIS MOTHER.
OBJECTION!
YOUR HONOR ALREADY RULED --
THAT WAS BEFORE YOU WALKED
THE ABUSE INTO THIS COURTROOM
WITH YOUR OWN WITNESS.
I NEED TO SEE THIS BLOG,
MS. KEATING.
OF COURSE, YOUR HONOR.
I'LL ALLOW IT INTO EVIDENCE --
AND, THEREFORE, THE ABUSE.
Barker: YOUR HONOR --
RULE NUMBER 106 OF
THE EVIDENCE CODE, MS. BARKER.
OVERRULED.
[ SIGHS ]
WELL DONE.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
Rebecca:
YO, RUDY 2.0! OPEN UP!
OH, YES! KNEW IT.
I COULD SMELL THE PEPPERONI
THROUGH THE WALL.
THERE'S NO FOOD
IN MY PLACE.
EVERY TIME
I LEAVE THE HOUSE,
SOMEBODY SCREAMS
"PSYCHO KILLER" AT ME.
[ Muffled ] OH, MY GOD.
IT'S SO GOOD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'VE BEEN STARING AT THE WALL
FOR LIKE THREE DAYS.
I NEED COMPANY.
OTHERWISE, I MIGHT GO
ALL REDRUM ON YOUR ASS.
ALTHOUGH SOMETHING TELLS ME
YOU MIGHT BE INTO THAT.
SO, UH...
ABOUT THE PHONE --
ANNALISE DOESN'T WANT
TO USE IT YET -- I KNOW.
YOU TALKED TO HER?
YEAH, SHE CALLED ME
THIS MORNING,
WANTED TO MAKE SURE
I WAS OKAY --
WHICH IS MORE
THAN CAN BE SAID FOR YOU.
NO. I-I-I JUST DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D WANT --
I'M KIDDING.
I GET IT.
I'M YOUR CLIENT.
YOU HAVE TO KEEP IT
PROFESSIONAL.
OR YOU THINK I DID IT.
LAWYERS DON'T
ASK THEIR CLIENTS THAT.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SAY,
"OF COURSE I DON'T
THINK YOU DID IT."
GOD. WHAT KIND OF
A TERRIBLE LAWYER ARE YOU?
[ SCOFFS ]
I'M NOT A LAWYER AT ALL,
ACTUALLY --
SOMETHING YOU WERE VERY HAPPY
TO TELL THOSE COPS IN JAIL,
IF YOU REMEMBER.
YEAH, WELL...
I BARELY KNEW YOU THEN.
YOU STILL DON'T.
I KNOW YOU'VE GOT ISSUES.
WHAT KIND OF A PERSON
LIES HIS WAY INTO JAIL
FOR HIS POTENTIALLY MURDEROUS
NEIGHBOR?
I DIDN'T DO IT.
I JUST LIKE MAKING PEOPLE
FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE.
MAKES ME FEEL BETTER,
FOR SOME REASON.
SO I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE
WITH ISSUES.
CLEARLY NOT.
THANKS FOR THE SLICE.
[ VISUALS' "SLOWED DOWN" PLAYS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
♪ I REWIND ♪
♪ AND THE BEST
IS A MIDNIGHT MILE ♪
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
♪ THE LIGHTS, THE LIGHTS,
THE LIGHTS ♪
[ SIGHS ]
♪ THOUGHTS UNKIND ♪
THERE WAS NOTHING GOING ON
WITH ME AND THAT GIRL.
[ SIGHS ]
I WAS AFRAID
YOU'D THINK I HURT HER.
♪ SLOWED DOWN ♪
♪ IT ALL SLOWED DOWN ♪
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
HI.
RIGHT.
THIS AGAIN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I...
I JUST...
I JUST WANTED
TO SEE YOU.
YOU'RE SERIOUSLY GONNA PRETEND
LIKE YOU DIDN'T GET ME FIRED?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU TOLD MY BOSS ABOUT US --
THAT I WAS INVESTIGATING SAM.
NO. I WOULD --
I WOULD NEVER --
COME ON.
ENOUGH WITH THE LIES.
NATE, PLEASE, YOU HAVE TO
BELIEVE ME. I --
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
TO BE HONEST,
I DON'T EVEN CARE.
YOU WANT TO SLEEP
NEXT TO A KILLER, GO FOR IT.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I LIED, TOO.
SAM WASN'T AWAY AT YALE
THE NIGHT LILA GOT KILLED.
NOW, SEE, HE LEFT NEW HAVEN
AND DROVE BACK HERE TO PHILLY.
YOU TWO
HAVE A LOVELY NIGHT.
[ MARCHING BAND PLAYING,
CROWD CHEERING IN DISTANCE ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
Connor:
THAT FRANK AGAIN?
GUY'S WHIPPED.
YOU SHOULD ANSWER.
HE'S THE LAST PERSON
I WANT TO TALK TO RIGHT NOW.
IT STRENGTHENS
OUR ALIBI, MORON.
HE'LL HEAR THE BONFIRE
IN THE BACKGROUND.
SHE'S RIGHT.
WHAT?
WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU?
THE BONFIRE.
STOP CALLING ME.
Laurel, wait.
LET ME EXPLAIN.
EXPLAIN WHAT,
HOW YOU LIED TO ME JUST SO
THAT YOU COULD SCREW ME,
ADD ME TO YOUR LIST
OF STUDENT CONQUESTS?
I messed up.
I KNOW THAT -- REAL BAD.
I JUST...
I'LL DO WHATEVER I CAN TO
MAKE THIS RIGHT -- ANYTHING.
JUST -- JUST DON'T
SHUT ME OUT LIKE THIS.
I CAN'T JUST...
I -- [ SIGHS ]
I'LL DO ANYTHING.
PLEASE.
IT'S TOO LATE.
WE JUST NEED TO KNOW MORE
ABOUT THE JURORS.
THAT WAY, WE CAN ARGUE A DEFENSE
THAT SPEAKS TO THEM PERSONALLY
AND WILL MAKE THEM
ACQUIT RYAN.
AND YOU THINK THEY SHOULD,
EVEN THOUGH THERE
WASN'T ANY IMMINENT THREAT
TO HIS MOTHER'S LIFE
IN THAT MOMENT?
EXCUSE ME.
WHO'S TO SAY THERE WASN'T?
ONE WRONG PUNCH,
AND SHE COULD'VE ENDED UP DEAD.
WHICH IS NOT A LEGAL ARGUMENT
YOU CAN USE IN COURT.
I CAME HERE FOR YOU
TO MAKE ME FEEL BETTER,
NOT WORSE,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
LOOK, THIS CASE
IS ABOUT EMOTION,
WHICH MEANS THE ONLY WAY
THAT YOU WIN THIS
IS IF YOU GET THE JURY
TO REJECT THE LAW
AND ACQUIT
REGARDLESS OF THE EVIDENCE.
JURY NULLIFICATION?
MM. IT'S ILLEGAL.
TO TELL THE JURY
ABOUT IT, YEAH.
IT'S NOT ILLEGAL
FOR THEM TO DO IT.
WHAT, SO YOU THINK
I SHOULD TELL THEM?
WHAT WOULD
ANNALISE KEATING DO?
[ LAUGHS ]
NO, NO, YOU SHOULD NOT --
YOU SHOULD NOT TELL THEM.
'CAUSE IF YOU DO,
YOU GO TO JAIL,
AND THAT
IS NOT COOL WITH ME.
[ MAN CLEARS THROAT ]
MY BAD.
Bonnie: YOU NEED ME?
YES.
IF THIS IS ABOUT THE FIGHT YOU
AND SAM HAD THE OTHER NIGHT,
WE DON'T NEED
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
THAT'S NOT
WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
I KNOW HOW YOU GOT
REBECCA'S CONFESSION TAPE.
DETECTIVE LAHEY
ILLEGALLY SEARCHED THROUGH
MR. KEATING'S CAR
LAST NIGHT.
THE CONFESSION TAPE --
NOW.
I DIDN'T TELL YOU
BECAUSE --
WHY? BECAUSE YOU KNOW
I'D NEVER LET YOU
AIR MY DIRTY LAUNDRY
TO THE POLICE?
I THOUGHT YOU HAD
ENOUGH ON YOUR PLATE.
DON'T YOU DARE SAY THAT
YOU WERE DOING THIS FOR ME,
'CAUSE WE BOTH KNOW WHAT PERSON
IN THIS HOUSE YOU DID IT FOR,
AND IT WASN'T ME.
I'M SORRY.
I SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU.
YES.
BUT THANK YOU FOR PROTECTING
MY HUSBAND, THOUGH.
NOW GO.
Miller:
I ALWAYS LIKED SHARON.
IT'S JUST THAT IT'S
HARD FOR ME TO BELIEVE
WHAT SHE'S CLAIMING
ABOUT ANTHONY.
I WORKED BY HIS SIDE
FOR EIGHT YEARS.
THAT'S JUST NOT
THE GUY I KNEW.
Barker: TO YOUR KNOWLEDGE,
WERE THERE EVER ANY COMPLAINTS
ABOUT HIS SERVICE?
HE PRIDED HIMSELF
ON BEING BY THE BOOK.
Are you seriously
looking for sex right now?
WE MADE FUN OF HIM FOR IT.
There are a lot of hot guys
around here.
Shh.
Barker: DO YOU BELIEVE
THAT OFFICER REMINI
COULD EVER HAVE
HARMED HIS WIFE?
NO. THE OPPOSITE,
REALLY.
HE WAS VERY PROTECTIVE
OF SHARON.
SHE WAS...FRAGILE.
HE CALLED HER EVERY DAY, SEVERAL
TIMES, JUST TO CHECK UP ON HER.
DOES ANYONE ELSE THINK THAT
SEXY LIBRARIAN'S A LESBIAN?
I MEAN, SHE JUST STARES AT
ANNALISE'S BOOBS ALL THE TIME.
THEY ARE GREAT BOOBS.
CAN WE ALL FOCUS,
PLEASE?
OKAY, LOOK, YOUR EMOTIONAL
SCORECARD IS CUTE AND POINTLESS,
LIKE A DUMB BLONDE.
THEY NEED TO VOTE
ON EVIDENCE.
YEAH, AND MY STUDY GROUP
NEEDS THIS OUTLINE BY 8:00 A.M.
HONESTLY, I'VE GOT
LIKE SIX GUYS ON MY JOCK,
SO I KIND OF NEED TO FOCUS.
YOU'RE SEXTING SIX GUYS
RIGHT NOW?
ARE THERE APPS LIKE THAT
FOR STRAIGHT PEOPLE?
WHAT HAPPENED
WITH THE HACKER, ANYWAY?
HE FINALLY GET SICK
OF YOU USING HIM?
AW, YOU THINK
THAT WE'RE FRIENDS,
THAT WE'LL CHAT ABOUT
OUR BOY PROBLEMS?
THE ONLY ONE WITH
BOY PROBLEMS HERE IS YOU.
OH.
WE'RE GONNA LOSE UNLESS WE TELL
THE JURY ABOUT NULLIFICATION.
IT'S ILLEGAL, AND IF WE GOT
CAUGHT, ANNALISE GETS DISBARRED.
YOU KNOW THIS FAMILY,
FRANK.
WE NEED TO HELP THEM.
I KNOW THAT, AND WE ARE.
WHY THE HELL ARE YOU SO WORKED
UP ABOUT THIS CASE, ANYWAY?
UNLESS YOUR FATHER BEAT YOU.
[ SCOFFS ]
MY FATHER
DID NOT BEAT ME, OKAY?
I JUST...
I WANT TO FEEL LIKE WE'RE
DOING SOMETHING GOOD FOR ONCE.
WHY IS THAT SO HARD
FOR EVERYONE TO UNDERSTAND?
IT'S NOT.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
Connor:
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
[ CHUCKLES ]
LUMBERJACK JUST MESSAGED ME.
THAT'S WHAT YOU'VE BEEN DOING
ON YOUR GAY-SEX APP?
YEAH.
I'VE BEEN STALKING HIM
ON HumpR,
WAITING FOR HIM
TO OUT HIMSELF.
AND HE FINALLY BIT.
WHAT'D HE SAY?
Judge Lee:
"ALL COP KILLERS DESERVE TO FRY,
"ESPECIALLY LITTLE BITCHES
WHO DON'T KNOW HOW
TO RESPECT THEIR DADDY."
DID YOU WRITE THAT MESSAGE
TO A GENTLEMAN CALLED
"EightIsGreat"
ON THIS DATING APP?
What's
your screen name mean?
I can show you.
EVEN AFTER I SPECIFICALLY FORBID
ANY TALK ABOUT THE CASE
OUTSIDE THIS COURT?
Oh, dude.
I DID.
VERY WELL.
YOU HAVE PROVEN BIAS
AGAINST THE DEFENDANT.
YOU ARE DISMISSED,
FACING POSSIBLE PENALTIES.
ALTERNATE JUROR NUMBER ONE,
YOU ARE CALLED UPON
TO FILL THE VACANCY.
SEE? SEXTING PAYS OFF.
WHAT'S YOUR SCORECARD SAY?
UH, AT BEST,
WE HAVE HALF OF THEM.
OKAY, SO MAYBE THERE'S
A RAT'S ASS OF A CHANCE
WE PULL THIS OFF.
[ SIGHS ]
Sharon:
I'M STUPID, WORTHLESS.
EVERYTHING THAT COMES
OUT OF MY MOUTH IS A LIE.
THAT'S WHAT ANTHONY WOULD SAY
WHEN HE'D ACCUSE ME
OF SLEEPING WITH A CUSTOMER,
MY BOSS, A BAG BOY.
AND THEN
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN?
HE'D...BEAT ME.
SLAP ME, PUNCH ME.
UH, ONE TIME,
I CAME HOME A LITTLE LATE
'CAUSE I WAS COVERING FOR
THIS PREGNANT GIRL I WORK WITH.
[ Voice breaking ]
HE KICKED ME IN THE STOMACH,
SAID HE'D
AT LEAST MAKE SURE
I'D NEVER BE ABLE
TO HAVE A BABY AGAIN.
DID YOU EVER THINK ABOUT
LEAVING HIM OR PRESSING CHARGES?
Preggers felt that
in the baby maker.
HE SAID
HE'D KILL ME IF I DID.
HE SAID HE'D GET AWAY WITH IT
'CAUSE HE WAS A POLICEMAN,
AND NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE IT
IF HE KILLED HIS WIFE.
HE TOLD ME NO ONE
WOULD PROTECT ME.
BUT SOMEONE DID.
MY SON SAVED MY LIFE,
AND YOU ALL
KEEP SAYING HE'S EVIL,
ALL BECAUSE HE HAD
THE COURAGE TO BE THE MAN
MY HUSBAND
WAS SUPPOSED TO BE.
[ SNIFFLES ]
HE SHOULDN'T GO TO JAIL
FOR THAT.
THANK YOU, MRS. REMINI.
Come on, let it rain,
hairy guy.
Let it rain.
WERE YOU UNDER IMMINENT THREAT
WHEN YOUR SON SHOT YOUR HUSBAND?
UM, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WOULD YOU BE DEAD
RIGHT NOW
IF RYAN HADN'T
KILLED YOUR HUSBAND?
DID HE HAVE HIS GUN AIMED
AT YOUR HEAD, FOR EXAMPLE?
NO.
RIGHT.
BECAUSE YOUR SON, RYAN,
WAS HOLDING
YOUR HUSBAND'S SERVICE REVOLVER
IN HIS HAND.
HE POINTED IT AT
YOUR UNARMED HUSBAND'S BACK,
AND HE FIRED A SHOT
THAT KILLED HIM.
ISN'T THAT WHAT HAPPENED?
YES, BUT HE --
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS.
MY ENGAGEMENT RING
IS GONE!
MICHAELA, IT'S GONNA
BE LIGHT SOON.
WE STILL NEED TO GET RID
OF THE BAGS AND --
[ Crying ] I'M NOT LEAVING
UNTIL WE FIND IT.
ARE YOU SURE YOU HAD THE RING ON
WHEN WE LEFT THE HOUSE?
I ALREADY TOLD YOU, YES!
OH, MY GOD,
WHAT IF WE DON'T FIND IT?
I GUESS YOU'LL JUST
HAVE TO CANCEL THE WEDDING.
Wes: STOP!
WE STILL NEED HER TO RETURN
THE TROPHY TO ASHER'S.
THERE'S NO WAY
SHE CAN DO THAT.
LOOK AT HER.
OH, NO. NO, NO, NO.
WE ALL HAD TO DO THINGS TONIGHT
THAT WE DIDN'T WANT TO DO.
THIS ONE IS ON HER.
I'LL DO IT.
AND HOW THE HELL
ARE YOU GONNA DO THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
Annalise: THERE ARE CASES
THAT SPEAK TO EVIDENCE,
AND THEN THERE ARE CASES
THAT SPEAK TO OUR HUMANITY,
BEGGING OUR HEARTS TO DECIDE.
WHAT IS RIGHT IS WHAT YOU FEEL
AND WHAT YOU KNOW IN YOUR BONES.
DISCOVERING WHAT'S HAPPENING
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
OF A MARRIAGE OR FAMILY
IS SHOCKING,
WHICH IS WHY THIS CASE...
IS NOT ABOUT THE SECRETS
OF A MARRIAGE.
THIS CASE IS ABOUT THE LAW.
RYAN REMINI PROTECTED HIS MOTHER
WHEN NO ONE ELSE WOULD.
IN THAT MOMENT, HE HAD TO ACT,
REGARDLESS OF THE CONSEQUENCES.
THERE WAS NO IMMINENT THREAT
TO SHARON REMINI
THE NIGHT RYAN SHOT HIS FATHER.
FOR YEARS, HE TURNED AWAY,
HUNG HIS HEAD IN SHAME WHENEVER
HE HEARD HIS MOTHER'S CRIES...
THE LAW IS CLEAR.
THE POWER OF JUDGMENT
DOES NOT LIE IN THE HANDS
OF A 17-YEAR-OLD BOY.
...AS SHE WAS BEAT, SLAPPED,
KICKED BY ANTHONY REMINI,
A MAN WHO TORTURED HIS WIFE
AND TERRIFIED HIS SON.
A POLICE OFFICER SWORN
TO PROTECT HIS COMMUNITY.
Annalise: DON'T SEND
THIS YOUNG MAN TO PRISON
FOR DOING THE SAME THING
YOU WOULD HAVE DONE
FOR SOMEONE YOU LOVED.
YOU WOULD PROTECT THEM,
AND THAT IS NOT A CRIME.
DON'T MAKE IT ONE.
WES:
What's the tally?
Optimistically,
we have nine.
SO, A HUNG JURY AT BEST
AND A CONVICTION NEXT TRIAL.
TOLD YOU.
PSYCHO BOY'S OFF TO JAIL.
IT'S LATE, AND YOUR JURY
IS OUT DELIBERATING.
COME ON, LET'S, UH --
LET'S GET A BEER.
I HAVE A BUNCH
OF OTHER WORK TO DO,
BUT I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I LEAVE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
WHAT DID YOU JUST DO?
[ SIGHS ]
YOU DON'T NEED TO KNOW.
YOU IDIOT.
I HAVE TO TELL ANNALISE.
YOU KNOW THAT.
FINE. GO AHEAD.
TELL HER
I WAS SHOWING OFF.
Annalise:
WHICH ONE WAS IT?
NOT SURE.
I JUST KNOW SOMEONE LET A JUROR
KNOW ABOUT NULLIFICATION.
JUST SAY YOU KNOW
BUT YOU DON'T WANT TO TELL ME.
BUT DON'T LIE TO ME,
FRANK.
IF ONE MORE MAN LIES TO ME,
I SWEAR TO GOD...
ANNALISE, I'M NOT
AN OFFICER OF THE COURT.
WHAT YOU DON'T KNOW
YOU DON'T HAVE TO REPORT.
NO.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO --
REPORT IT TO THE D.A.
WHAT?
YOU HEARD WHAT I SAID.
LET HER KNOW THAT THE JURY'S
BEEN TAMPERED WITH.
Barker:
WE RECEIVED AN ANONYMOUS TIP
THAT SOMEONE INFORMED THE JURY
AS TO HOW NULLIFICATION WORKS.
CLEARLY, IT WAS A MEMBER
OF THE DEFENSE TEAM.
BASED ON WHAT EVIDENCE,
YOUR HONOR?
WE ALL KNOW WHO BENEFITS
FROM THIS ACT.
AGAIN,
WHERE'S THE EVIDENCE?
STOP.
BRING IN THE JURY.
HAS ANYONE SPOKEN WITH
OR CONTACTED ANY OF YOU
ABOUT THIS CASE IN ANY WAY,
INCLUDING A DISCUSSION OF THE
CONCEPT OF JURY NULLIFICATION?
LYING IS A CRIMINAL ACT
FOR WHICH I CAN HOLD YOU
IN CONTEMPT.
IT WAS ME, YOUR HONOR.
I FOUND INFORMATION
THAT WE HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT
TO VOTE OUR HEARTS.
I SHARED IT WITH
THE REST OF THE JURY.
IN THE CASE K7439080,
I HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO DECLARE A MISTRIAL.
JURY IS DISCHARGED.
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
WHAT?
BITCH, PLEASE.
WELL, IT SEEMS
WE'VE DONE IRREPARABLE HARM
TO THE PUBLIC OPINION OF RYAN.
DUE TO THE ABUSE DEFENSE,
THE D.A. NO LONGER
THINKS HE'S A SOCIOPATH.
THEREFORE, THEY'VE BUMPED
THE CHARGE TO JUVENILE COURT.
YOU'RE LOOKING AT PROBATION,
COMMUNITY SERVICE,
AND COUNSELING.
[ Voice breaking ]
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY.
[ CRYING ]
I MEAN,
IS THIS HAPPENING?
IT'S HAPPENING.
[ LAUGHS ]
THANK YOU.
[ SNIFFLES ]
OH, MY GOD.
ARE YOU CRYING?
NO. [ SNIFFLES ]
ALLERGIES.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ LOCK CLICKS ]
[ KEYS JINGLING ]
HEY.
HI.
YOU WON YOUR CASE?
MISTRIAL.
WERE YOU AT YALE
WHEN LILA WHEN MURDERED?
NO.
SHE WAS UPSET
WHEN SHE CALLED ME --
SAID SHE WAS GONNA
DO SOMETHING TO HURT HERSELF.
SO I SKIPPED MY LECTURE,
CAME BACK TO SEE HER,
BUT I COULDN'T FIND HER.
SHE STOPPED
ANSWERING HER PHONE.
SO I DROVE BACK
TO NEW HAVEN.
I WAS BACK IN MY HOTEL
BY MORNING.
SO YOU WERE HERE
IN PHILADELPHIA
AT THE EXACT SAME TIME
SHE WAS BEING KILLED.
ANNALISE --
I KNOW.
YOU DIDN'T DO IT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY HERE.
I'M SORRY
I SLEPT WITH HER.
I LIED ABOUT IT.
BUT I DIDN'T KILL HER.
REBECCA SUTTER'S
ON HER WAY OVER.
YOU'RE GONNA DO
A PSYCH EVALUATION ON HER.
WHAT?
AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE TELLING HER.
WHATEVER IT TAKES TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT LILA TOLD HER ABOUT YOU
OR IF SHE SHARED
ANY PICTURES OF YOU--
OF YOUR FACE.
ANNIE, THIS --
THIS IS NOT A GOOD IDEA.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
GAME FACE ON.
REBECCA, THIS IS
MY HUSBAND, SAM.
HE'S GONNA BE
HELPING US OUT TONIGHT.
HI.
[ SIGHS ]
CAN WE GET THIS OVER WITH?
SO, WOULD YOU DESCRIBE YOURSELF
AS DEPRESSED?
DO YOU EVER WORRY
THAT YOU MIGHT HARM YOURSELF?
I HAVE A HIGH I.Q.,
A WIDE RANGE
OF GENERALIZED NEUROSES,
AND A SLIGHT TENDENCY
TOWARDS PARANOIA.
YOU'VE BEEN
EVALUATED BEFORE.
JUVIE.
YOU WANT TO KNOW
IF I KILLED LILA, RIGHT?
NO, NO.
THIS IS A STANDARDIZED
PSYCHOLOGICAL TEST.
IT JUST HELPS PRESENT YOU
AS A CREDIBLE WITNESS.
ALL RIGHT, REBECCA, LET'S JUST
TALK ABOUT HOW YOU KNEW HER.
WE MET AT THE BAR.
SHE WAS A SPOILED SORORITY GIRL
WHO WANTED A THRILL,
SO SHE ASKED
IF SHE COULD HELP ME DEAL.
WHO WAS SHE SELLING TO?
OTHER STUDENTS, MOSTLY GIRLS
AT KAPPA KAPPA BITCH.
SO, HOW DID YOU END UP
WITH HER PHONE?
SHE LEFT IT AT MY APARTMENT
THE NIGHT BEFORE.
SAID SHE WAS DONE DEALING.
DID LILA EVER SHARE
ANY DETAILS
ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP
SHE WAS HAVING WITH THIS MAN?
JUST THAT HE WAS MARRIED.
SHE CALLED HIM MR. DARCY.
SHE THOUGHT
IT MADE HER SOUND SMART
AND NOT LIKE EVERY OTHER DUMB
GIRL OBSESSED WITH JANE AUSTEN.
AND IS THERE ANY REASON
YOU THINK THAT MR. DARCY
HAD SOMETHING TO DO
WITH HER DEATH?
HE WAS SOME SAD OLD MAN,
BORED WITH HIS MARRIAGE,
EXCITED TO BE DOING
A HOT, YOUNG PIECE OF ASS.
SHE PROBABLY GOT SICK OF IT
AND BROKE IT OFF,
SO HE KILLED HER.
DO YOU HAVE PROOF OF THAT?
OR COULD THAT BE, AS YOU SAID,
YOUR "SLIGHT TENDENCY
TOWARDS PARANOIA"?
THERE'S A PENIS PIC.
ISN'T THAT PROOF?
RIGHT.
SO, SHE NEVER SAID WHO HE WAS,
WHAT HE DID FOR A LIVING?
ANNALISE
IS TRYING TO FIND HIM.
WELL, I WISH SHE
FOUND HIM ALREADY.
THEN I WOULDN'T BE HERE
TALKING TO YOU.
HEY. UH,
HOW WAS IT?
LIKE BEING STRIP-SEARCHED
WITH WORDS.
[ SIGHS ]
BATHROOM?
YEAH, UPSTAIRS,
END OF THE HALL.
SO, SHE DOESN'T KNOW
WHO YOU ARE, MR. DARCY.
THAT'S IT?
THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE
TO SAY TO ME?
AM I FORGETTING SOMETHING?
I NEED TO KNOW
IF YOU BELIEVE ME.
YOU'RE A LIAR.
AT THIS POINT,
THAT'S ALL I KNOW FOR SURE.
SLEEP ON THE COUCH.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
I'LL DO IT.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
HEY.
I'M NOT
SUPPOSED TO BE HERE.
Frank: SO, WHAT?
WE FINALLY GONNA
TALK THIS THROUGH?
NO.
THEN WHY ARE YOU --
YOU SAID YOU WOULD
DO ANYTHING FOR ME.
DID YOU MEAN IT?
YEAH.
I NEED TO KNOW FOR SURE.
YES, LAUREL.
WHY? WHAT'S GOING ON?
[ SIGHS ]
I NEED YOUR HELP.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHAT THE HELL?
YOU DIDN'T TELL HER,
DID YOU,
THAT I WAS THE ONE
WHO MESSED WITH THE JURY?
YOU THINK YOU'D STILL
BE WORKING HERE IF I DID?
WHY DIDN'T YOU?
I MEAN, 'CAUSE DID YOU EVER
THINK I WANTED HER TO KNOW
THAT WE WON THIS CASE
BECAUSE OF ME?
WE DIDN'T WIN ANYTHING.
IT GOT US A MISTRIAL,
WHICH WAS LUCKY.
NO, IT WAS SMART,
BUT THANK YOU --
I MEAN, IF THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR ME TO SAY.
THANK YOU FOR PICKING ME,
MAKING ME FRANK'S GIRL.
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING OVER ME,
FOR SAVING POOR, LITTLE LAUREL.
I WANTED TO BELIEVE
YOU WERE SOMETHING ELSE,
NOT THE CLICHé LITTLE GIRL
WHO WENT TO BROWN.
OH, RIGHT, BECAUSE YOU KNEW
SHE WOULD NEVER SCREW YOU.
LIKE I'D EVER
WANT TO SCREW YOU.
[ BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
[ Chuckling ] HEY!
DID YOU GET A VERDICT?
MISTRIAL.
THAT'S GREAT!
♪ LOOK AT ME ♪
♪ WHAT HAVE I BECOME? ♪
♪ I AM LOST,
I WAS ONCE A GENTLEMAN ♪
♪ BUT THE THIEF CAME OUT ♪
♪ IN MY LONDON TOWN ♪
♪ SO I MUST LEAVE YOU NOW ♪
♪ BUT I WILL REMEMBER
THE UPS AND THE DOWNS ♪
♪ GOODBYE, MY FRIENDS ♪
♪ GOODBYE TO THE MONEY ♪
♪ ADIEU TO THE... ♪
REBECCA?
♪ ...THAT THINK
THAT IT'S FUNNY ♪
♪ I JUST WANNA
TURN THE LIGHTS ON ♪
♪ IN THESE VOLATILE TIMES ♪
♪ I JUST WANNA
TURN THE LIGHTS ON ♪
♪ IN THESE VOLATILE TIMES ♪
WHERE ARE YOU?!
DID YOU KNOW?
THAT YOU WERE
GOING TO SKIP BAIL?
HOW WAS I
SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT?
NO, THAT THEY WERE IN ON IT
TOGETHER -- DID YOU KNOW?!
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
I DON'T KNOW IF I BELIEVE YOU.
I WANT TO,
BUT I DON'T KNOW...
REBECCA, I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
JUST TELL ME WHERE YOU ARE.
I'LL COME GET YOU.
NO.
You have to trust me.
WES, YOU CAN'T TRUST
ANNALISE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
THE WALLPAPER, WES.
BATHROOM?
UPSTAIRS.
♪ GOODBYE TO THE MONEY ♪
LOOK AT THE WALLPAPER.
♪ ADIEU TO THE... ♪
REBECCA?
♪ ...THAT THINK
THAT IT'S FUNNY ♪
♪ I JUST WANNA
TURN THE LIGHTS ON ♪
♪ IN THESE VOLATILE TIMES ♪
♪ I JUST WANNA
TURN THE LIGHTS ON ♪
[ GASPS ]
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?!
YOU LIED TO ME.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
THE WALLPAPER.
THE PICTURE
ON LILA'S PHONE.
IT WAS TAKEN HERE.
♪ I JUST WANNA
TURN THE LIGHTS ON ♪
YOUR HUSBAND'S MR. DARCY.
♪ I JUST WANNA
TURN THE LIGHTS ON ♪